Flowauth groupage validation (#710)
Flowminder/FlowKit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
- Error is displayed in the add user form of Flowauth if username is alredy exists. [#690](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/690)

> - Error is displayed in the add group form of Flowauth if group name is alredy exists. [#710](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/pull/710)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Error is displayed in the add group form of Flowauth if group name already exists. [#709](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/709)
```
